For this project I'm going to use plunkers again because I need the chance to use multiple files because
of course we're creating a module or project now to create this modular project all again the tricks
are added and all need System Chiasson.
Let's see if this works like this again add system chess and then go to live preview here by clicking
on the eye.
And again just because I didn't mention Plunker peel and K.R. but SEO is a Web site where you can create
little static web applications with Jamal Chello script and C S S and you saw this in the modules module
which is why a QuickStart get into that.
But to give a quick overview in the end which you started with you launched the editor button on the
front page of Plunker.
You got your code window here.
Here you can manage all your files.
And on the right here with the eyesight you go to you live preview of your web page you can refresh
this with the screen refresh button and on the book item here you can install certain for Pardie libraries
into your project which you might need.
So that's the most important functionality and the only functionality we will use fraud is.
Now I'm going to start by quickly dumping in some predefined styles.
Of course you find those attached.
But since this course really isn't the both styling I thought I'd just well insert them right now.
And don't go.
Don't go writing a whole lot of C S S.
Again just use the attached see it's Asphaltic get started quickly.
I also got some code for my index HMO file so I'm going to replace this age when tech in my body.
Now you see already the other face you saw before and you feel fine.
This time I'll code attached to you again.
Why am I not going through this detailed and writing a while.
Just because I don't want to bore you with HVM Eliseus as lessons I won't go through what this could
actually does or what do we have here though.
We basically got the search array which is this label the city name label than the input field.
And then the show where we're button and then we get this part which we currently don't see which you
will conditionally show or hide.
For javascript where we were show the loading text or downloaded city with its city name the or description
and the temperature and that's really all.
And of course the java script part will be focused on and the scores is and what you will see me write
in detail.
Now the last thing is.
So it's for writing modular code and therefore we use system chiasm much loader.
I don't want to import my script like this with a script import tag.
Instead at the end of my body section here I will create a new script tag like so and I'm going to import
anything here instead I'll use the system chance to then import my aptitude test file.
Now that doesn't exist yet so I'm going to create it first.
I'll delete my script that as I don't need that anymore and then I'll try a new file and I'll name it
after Chaz So that will be what I work with.
And here let's just throw an alert where we say Pallo and updated before I was done.
Well telling but a fact that we see this alert I'm confident everything works.
You think you get rid of it so I don't get the Szilard all the time and if that got the basic setup
we will need for this project.
And if you want to set this up on your local machine Well what you basically need is.
You will need a tiny server running your application so you won't be able to do this with the file protocol
just by opening it by double clicking it.
That would work with Dematteo muchall loader.
You will need a tiny little server like that light little note server and you might just google for
it as one recommendation I have is the light server.
Just google for light server and then the very first results should be it here you will also find installation
instructions and with that light server you are able to host your app on a little server just serving
your static files which will allow system Chason to work correctly and load the modules they need to
load and that is what you need for it.
And then you would be able to follow along on your local machine.
Of course keep the folder structure you see here or in the file structure and you should be good to
go.
Nothing else is required there.
So with that let's get started writing or code